
Week 1
1 Discussed what the topic of the project and extra credit. 
www.csunplugged.org/activities/
2 Reviewed quick sort algorithm.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aQiWF4E8flQ
3 Learned how to use github, how to use terminal to operate github action and how to operate github on source Tree as well.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GI5eO624zaU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ftHHNBT4dU

4 Finished weekly Report submissions(respect). 
Respect:
	During the brainstorm discussion, each team member were energetic about this project. And then we came out the idea which is about quick sort. With respect, everyone agreed with it and thought it was applicable. Since the topic has been  decided, we started to plan the short-term plan(weekly task), long-term plan(whole project) and how to distribute the tasks equally as well. Right after that, we started to learn github together, since most of us haven’t used that before. The one who knows about gitHub taught us with patience and respect, and others respected her tutorial as well. As a good result, we learned how to create a repo, how to pull, how to push ,how to merge and before the actions, how to connect local files and what should we know to avoid unexpected result as well. We also drew a diagram about this flow in case we may want to look back in the future. 
	After the meeting, one of the team members told us that he may not come to team meeting on time if the meeting starts at 3:00pm on every Thursday in the future. After heard about his personal reason respectfully, we decided we could make the meeting later or he could join the meeting on the phone. 
	With respect, the vibe is harmonious, so we can work on our project more efficiently.

Like the last week, everyone in our team respected each other during the meeting as well as in all the online meeting. Based on our topic, although we held different ideas on how to implement the game,  we didn’t make the discussion into a mess. We discussed the idea one by one - during one’s presentation, he/she had all the attention and was not interrupted by anyone attending the meeting. After that, we analyzed each idea and respected the one who came up with it, and summarized the pros and cons of the view and compared with other views. Then we figured out a optimal way which we all agreed with to do the implementation. And we also discussed about the team weekly submission to make sure that everybody was treated equally, since we didn’t want to anybody feel unrespected.
Everyone in our team appreciated that he/she was respected by others, and liked to give others opinions on the project.  Thus respect guarantees that our project  can develop positively.
